Upgrade SDKs in Fleet Automation preview (#34809)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/fleet_automation/remote_management.md

For the most consistent upgrade experience, Datadog recommends managing upgrades from one source at a time. Use either Fleet Automation or a configuration management tool. If you run a configuration management tool on an Agent that has already been upgraded using Fleet Automation, the upgrade reverts the Agent to the [`DD_AGENT_MINOR_VERSION`][9]  specified in your configuration. If no `DD_AGENT_MINOR_VERSION` is set, the Agent is upgraded to the latest available version.

> ## Upgrade SDKs (Preview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Upgrade SDKs
```
We typically leave preview out of headings. That way, when it goes GA, we don't have to worry about any anchor links that might need updating 🙂

Remotely upgrade the SDKs that power APM, Profiler, Dynamic Instrumentation, and more. Request access to join the preview.
{{< /callout >}}

Fleet Automation can centrally manage upgrades to the SDKs that power APM, Continuous Profiler, Dynamic Instrumentation, and more. Keeping SDK version up-to-date enables your services to benefit from the latest features, performance improvements, bug fixes, and security updates.

**Requirements:**

- **Single Step Instrumentation (SSI)**
  You must already be instrumenting services with [Single Step Instrumentation (SSI)][20].
- **Linux or Windows VMs**
  Supported only for services running on **Linux or Windows VMs**. Remotely upgrading SDKs in containerized or Kubernetes environments is not supported.

### How to upgrade SDKs remotely

<div class="alert alert-info">
In the preview, scheduled upgrades of SDKs is not supported.
</div>

{{% collapse-content title="How to upgrade SDKs remotely" level="h4" expanded=false id="upgrade-sdks-steps" %}}

1. From the **Upgrade Agents** tab in Fleet Automation, click **Upgrade Now**.

>    {{< img src="/agent/fleet_automation/upgrade-screen2.png" alt="UI showing the Upgrade Agents tab with the Upgrade Now button." style="width:100%;" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   {{< img src="/agent/fleet_automation/upgrade-screen2.png" alt="The Upgrade Agents tab with the Upgrade Now button highlighted." style="width:100%;" >}}
```
